Added information on on chain storage on NEAR (#1335)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/storage/decentralized-storage.md

---

## On-Chain Storage Constraints 

For storing data on-chain it's important to keep in mind the following: 

> - You can store an unlimited amount of file, but will cost you 1N per 100KB
> - There is a 4mb limit on how much you can upload at once 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can store an unlimited amount of files, but will cost you 1N per 100KB
- There is a 4 MB limit on how much you can upload at once 
```

> Let's say for example, someone wants to put an NFT purely on-chain (rather than IPFS or some other decentralized storage solution as mentioned below) you'll have almost an unlimited amount of storage but will have to pay 1 $NEAR per 100kb of storage used (see [Storage Staking](https://docs.near.org/concepts/storage/storage-staking))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to store an NFT purely on-chain (rather than using IPFS or some other decentralized storage solution as mentioned below) you'll have almost an unlimited amount of storage but will have to pay 1 $NEAR per 100 KB of storage used (see [Storage Staking](https://docs.near.org/concepts/storage/storage-staking))
```

> Users will be limited to 4MB per contract call upload due to MAX_GAS constraints. The maximum amount of gas one can attach to a given functionCall is 300TGas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users will be limited to 4MB per contract call upload due to `MAX_GAS` constraints. The maximum amount of gas one can attach to a given `functionCall` is 300TGas. 
```
